icp_identity_manager/README.md, before:

# ICP Identity Manager

Cross-platform Flutter client that manages Internet Computer identities for Android and desktop targets. It demonstrates how to generate and persist identities that can later be used to talk to canisters through ic4j bindings.

## Current Features
- Generate Ed25519 or secp256k1 identities backed by 24-word BIP-39 seed phrases.
- Persist identities locally using a JSON store in the platform application-support directory.
- List existing identities with creation timestamps.
- Reveal or copy the mnemonic, public key, and private key (base64) for export.
- Basic rename/delete plumbing in the controller ready for future UI wiring.

## Project Layout
- `lib/main.dart`: Material UI, dialogs, and screen flow.
- `lib/controllers/identity_controller.dart`: Identity lifecycle, persistence orchestration, and key generation.
- `lib/services/identity_repository.dart`: File-backed store using `path_provider`.
- `lib/models/identity_record.dart`: Data model for identity payloads.

## Running The App
1. Ensure Flutter desktop support is enabled (one-time per host):
   ```bash
   flutter config --enable-linux-desktop --enable-windows-desktop --enable-macos-desktop
   ```
2. Fetch dependencies:
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```
3. Launch on your desired platform, for example:
   ```bash
   flutter run -d linux   # Desktop (Linux)
   flutter run -d windows # Desktop (Windows)
   flutter run -d macos   # Desktop (macOS)
   flutter run -d android # Android emulator or device
   ```

The identity store file is placed in the OS-specific application support directory. Delete the file to clear all identities.

### Tests
Run the deterministic identity tests (including the DFX-derived reference) with:
```bash
flutter test
```

## Next Steps
1. Integrate with `ic4j-agent` to sign and submit canister calls using the stored Ed25519 key material.
2. Add secure storage options (KeyStore/Keychain on mobile, OS keyrings on desktop) before shipping sensitive data.
3. Extend the identity generator to support additional algorithms (e.g. secp256k1) and hardware-backed keys.
4. Wire rename/delete affordances into the UI and add import flows for existing seed phrases.

## Limitations
- Web is not yet supported because `path_provider` lacks a web implementation for file-backed storage.
- Private keys are stored in plain text JSON strictly for demo purposes—do not ship without hardening.
- No interaction with canisters yet; this focuses on the local identity lifecycle.

Commit message:

managed to build android apk

icp_identity_manager/README.md, after:

# ICP Identity Manager

Cross-platform Flutter client that manages Internet Computer identities for Android and desktop targets. It demonstrates how to generate and persist identities that can later be used to talk to canisters through ic4j bindings.

## Current Features
- Generate Ed25519 or secp256k1 identities backed by 24-word BIP-39 seed phrases.
- Persist identities locally using a JSON store in the platform application-support directory.
- List existing identities with creation timestamps.
- Reveal or copy the mnemonic, public key, and private key (base64) for export.
- Basic rename/delete plumbing in the controller ready for future UI wiring.

## Project Layout
- `lib/main.dart`: Material UI, dialogs, and screen flow.
- `lib/controllers/identity_controller.dart`: Identity lifecycle, persistence orchestration, and key generation.
- `lib/services/identity_repository.dart`: File-backed store using `path_provider`.
- `lib/models/identity_record.dart`: Data model for identity payloads.

## Running The App
1. Ensure Flutter desktop support is enabled (one-time per host):
   ```bash
   flutter config --enable-linux-desktop --enable-windows-desktop --enable-macos-desktop
   ```
2. Fetch dependencies:
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```
3. Launch on your desired platform, for example:
   ```bash
   flutter run -d linux   # Desktop (Linux)
   flutter run -d windows # Desktop (Windows)
   flutter run -d macos   # Desktop (macOS)
   flutter run -d android # Android emulator or device
   ```

The identity store file is placed in the OS-specific application support directory. Delete the file to clear all identities.

### Tests
Run the deterministic identity tests (including the DFX-derived reference) with:
```bash
flutter test
```

### Android APK Builds
Build a debug APK for smoke-testing on devices or emulators (requires JDK 17 or newer):
```bash
export JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk-amd64
export PATH="$JAVA_HOME/bin:$PATH"
flutter build apk --debug
```
The APK is written to `build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/app-debug.apk` and can be installed with `adb install build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/app-debug.apk`.

For a release-signed artifact (after configuring your keystore), run the same environment exports followed by:
```bash
flutter build apk --release
```
The release build lands alongside the debug artifact under `build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/`.

## Next Steps
1. Integrate with `ic4j-agent` to sign and submit canister calls using the stored Ed25519 key material.
2. Add secure storage options (KeyStore/Keychain on mobile, OS keyrings on desktop) before shipping sensitive data.
3. Extend the identity generator to support additional algorithms (e.g. Ed448) and hardware-backed keys.
4. Wire rename/delete affordances into the UI and add import flows for existing seed phrases.

## Limitations
- Web is not yet supported because `path_provider` lacks a web implementation for file-backed storage.
- Private keys are stored in plain text JSON strictly for demo purposes—do not ship without hardening.
- No interaction with canisters yet; this focuses on the local identity lifecycle.
